Update readme (#8)
kyma-incubator/terraform-provider-gardener: README.md

# Terraform Provider

## Overview
Creating a new Terraform provider for Gardener using the Gardener client.This PoC contains a terraform provider that is meant to be executed by the terraform CLI. The provider supports provisioning of three infrastructures (aws,azure,gcp) for now and in the future we will add the other infrastructures supported by Gardener.

> ### Requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

Author: applied changes

- [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) 0.10+
- [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) 1.12 or higher

## Development

> 1. Resolve dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform the following steps to build the providers:

1. Resolve dependencies:
```

> 

Reviewer: General comment:
I would adjust this README file to follow these guidelines: https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/master/guidelines/repository-guidelines/repository-template/README.md 
and have a specific structure.

My suggested structure would be:

## Overview
What is the terraform provider for Gardener? What do we need it for?
## Prerequisites
What do you need to create the provider? (Go, Terraform)
## Development 
How do we create a provider?
- Build the provider 
- Create the configuration (you can use the provided sample configs)
- Initialize terraform
- Provision
- Apply config 
## Usage
- Overview of how we can use the provider.
### Examples
Here we link to the config examples.

Terraform Provider

> ==================

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
We don't need this one :)

> - Website: https://www.terraform.io

Reviewer: To be honest, I don't think we need the information from lines 5-9. We have a link to terraform below, so I think that is enough.

Author: It's just that the other providers have it this way so I think we need to follow the same format

Author: It just that every other provider has the same template..so I wanted to follow the same format

- [![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/hashicorp-terraform/Lobby.png)](https://gitter.im/hashicorp-terraform/Lobby)
- Mailing list: [Google Groups](http://groups.google.com/group/terraform-tool)

<img src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/hashicorp/terraform-website/master/content/source/assets/images/logo-hashicorp.svg" width="600px">

> Requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prerequisites
```

Author: We will leave it to follow other provider formats for now

> ------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: We will leave format for now

- [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) 0.10+
- [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) 1.12 or higher

## Overview

> Creating a new Terraform provider for Gardener using the Gardener client.This PoC contains a terraform provider that is meant to be executed by the terraform CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Let's move this information to the Overview, and rework it a little bit.

> Developing the Provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: applied change

---------------------

> If you wish to work on the provider, you'll first need [Go](http://www.golang.org) installed on your machine (please check the [requirements](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/terraform-provider-gardener#requirements) before proceeding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
We don't need to repeat that the user needs Go, as it is already mentioned in the Requirements.

Author: removed the developing provider part

> Building the provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Development
```
It may also be `Installation`, however, the question is if you install or create a provider.

Author: changed it to development

    ```
3. Move the gardener provider binary into the terraform plugins folder*.

>     >\* See https://www.terraform.io/docs/plugins/basics.html#installing-plugins for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    >**NOTE**: For details on Terraform plugins [this](https://www.terraform.io/docs/plugins/basics.html#installing-plugins) document.
```

Author: applied changes

## Usage

> After building the provider as stated previously, you should create your terraform config file and run [`terraform init`](https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/init.html) and Terraform will automatically install the provider.For installation methods. After the provider is installed you can apply your configurations usin the command [`terraform apply`](https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/apply.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform the following steps to use the provider:
```

Author: applied changes

> 1. Go to the provider [example](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/terraform-provider-gardener/tree/master/examples) folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the provider [example](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/terraform-provider-gardener/tree/master/examples) folder:
```

Author: applied changes

    ```bash
    cd examples/<provider>
    ```

> 2. Edit the `main.tf` file providing the required gardener configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Edit the `main.tf` file and provide the required Gardener configuration:

```

>     - Gardener project name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Project name
```

>     - Gardener secret for the choosen cloud provider(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Gardener secret for the chosen cloud provider(s)
```

>     - Path to the gardener kubeconfig.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Path to the Gardener kubeconfig
```

Author: applied changes

>     > **NOTE:** To obtain the gardener secret and kubeconfig visit the [gardener dashboard](https://dashboard.garden.canary.k8s.ondemand.com/login).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **NOTE:** To obtain the gardener secret and kubeconfig go to the [Gardener dashboard](https://dashboard.garden.canary.k8s.ondemand.com/login).
```

Author: applied changes

    ```bash
    provider "gardener" {
        profile            = "<my-gardener-project>"
        gcp_secret_binding = "<my-gardener-gcp-secret>"
        kube_path          = "<my-gardener-service-account-kubeconfig>"
    }
    ```

> 3. Initialise terraform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Initialize Terraform:
```

Author: applied changes

    ```bash
    terraform init
    ```
4. Plan the provisioning:
    ```bash
    terraform plan
    ```
5. Deploy the cluster:
    ```bash
    terraform apply
    ```
## Examples

> Example config files can be found in the [examples](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/terraform-provider-gardener/tree/master/examples) folder for the three providers that we currently support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [examples](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/terraform-provider-gardener/tree/master/examples) folder to view the configuration for the currently supported providers.
```

Author: applied changes

    go build -o terraform-provider-gardener
    ```

> 3. Move the gardener provider binary into the terraform plugins folder*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Move the Gardener provider binary to the Terraform plugins folder.

```

>     >**NOTE**: For details on Terraform plugins [this](https://www.terraform.io/docs/plugins/basics.html#installing-plugins) document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    >**NOTE**: For details on Terraform plugins see [this](https://www.terraform.io/docs/plugins/basics.html#installing-plugins) document.
```

## Usage

Perform the following steps to use the provider:

1. Go to the provider [example](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/terraform-provider-gardener/tree/master/examples) folder:
    ```bash
    cd examples/<provider>
    ```
2. Edit the `main.tf` file providing the required gardener configuration:
    - Gardener project name
    - Gardener secret for the choosen cloud provider(s).

>     - Path to the Gardener kubeconfig.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Path to the Gardener kubeconfig
    
```

    ```
3. Move the gardener provider binary into the terraform plugins folder*.
    >\* See https://www.terraform.io/docs/plugins/basics.html#installing-plugins for more information.

> Using the provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Usage
```

Author: applied change

---------------------------

> After building the provider as stated previously, you should create your terraform config file and run [`terraform init`](https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/init.html) and Terraform will automatically install the provider.For installation methods. After the provider is installed you can apply your configurations usin the command [`terraform apply`](https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/apply.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I'm wondering if we should put these steps under `Development`. 
So you build your provider, add the config file, terraform installs the provider and you apply the config. We may point to the example configuration files that the user can use here. 
So my idea is to remove the text above - as it actually duplicates what is in the steps below (we can reuse some of the info in the steps) and have just the steps moved to the `Development` section.

Author: But this is actually the usage of the provider and it's different from the development. So I don't need to know anything of the inner working of the provider I just need to look at the examples

Reviewer: ok 👍

> Examples of different configurations for different cluster providers could be found in the [examples](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/terraform-provider-gardener/tree/master/examples) folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create your terraform configuration file.  You can use one of the sample configurations available in the [examples](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/terraform-provider-gardener/tree/master/examples) folder.
```

> 1. Go to the provider example folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I would remove this part and merge it with the one above.

    ```bash
    cd examples/<provider>
    ```

> 2. Edit the `main.tf` file providing the required gardener configuration:

Reviewer: Maybe we can add some details about what the file contains?

Author: added an example

    - Gardener project name
    - Gardener secret for the choosen cloud provider(s).
    - Path to the gardener kubeconfig.

>     > NOTE: To obtain the gardener secret and kubeconfig visit the gardener dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **NOTE:** To obtain the gardener secret and kubeconfig visit the gardener dashboard.
```
Maybe we can link to the Gardener dashboard or provide some instructions on how to obtain the secret and kubeconfig.

Author: I have added the gardener dashboard link
